---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

My second week involved meeting our primary collaborator on the project, creating a place for us to connect virtually,
researching Reddit’s post removal process, and writing a script to filter for AI-related posts. Here’s a summary of what I
accomplished:

- **Advisor Meeting:** Met for our weekly cadence to go over this week’s TODOs and to discuss if we would filter all
removed posts and how to handle posts that have metadata from Arctic Shift that display they were removed even though
Reddit’s API provides data for the post. We also agreed to move to Slack for communication, where I virtually met our
primary collaborator, Madiha Tabassum.
- **Reddit Removal Research:** Conducted research into the different removal categories for a Reddit post and provided
descriptions of what they were/how they would be displayed in the JSONL files. We agreed not to keep any data that was
removed by the moderator, Reddit, or the author for ethical and data accuracy reasons.
- **Investigated JSONL Data:** Created a script that audits removed Reddit posts that still have author and body text
data. I did some investigation into the removal patterns in the JSONL file and how removal was captured, both from
Reddit’s API and Arctic Shift’s metadata. I used this to inform how posts should be removed in the JSONL to CSV converter
script and refactored that program accordingly.
- **Keyword Filter:** Created a script that filters a JSONL file of Reddit posts to only include posts
containing specific keywords, outputting the filtered posts to a new JSONL file. The filtered JSONL files were then fed
into the converter script, and the resulting CSVs for both subreddits were uploaded to the shared Google Drive.

I’m looking forward to the upcoming week and to contributing a script that creates a text file for each post. Stay tuned
for updates!
