---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

My third week doing research focused on creating a script to generate a text file for a Reddit post, learning about
content analysis, completing mandatory training, and attending the DREAM kickoff meeting. Here’s a summary of what I
accomplished:

- **Advisor Meeting:** Met for our weekly cadence to go over this week’s TODOs and discuss my keyword filter script for
the research project.
- **Generating Text Files:** Created a working script for producing formatted Reddit posts with comments in a single text
file. Refactored the script to take the JSONL file filtered by AI keywords. Tested the script on four posts and uploaded
the resulting text files to the shared Google Drive for review.
- **Content Analysis Reading:** Read two articles to learn about qualitative content analysis to get a better
understanding of the analysis we would be doing on the text files created by the script.
  1. [Article 1](https://www.publichealth.columbia.edu/research/population-health-methods/content-analysis)
  2. [Article 2](https://delvetool.com/blog/guide-qualitative-content-analysis)
- **CITI Training:** Started completing the required CITI training for IRB compliance. Finished the Social and Behavioral
Responsible Conduct of Research course.
- **DREAM Kickoff Meeting:** Attended the first DREAM program meeting alongside fellow students, advisors, and mentors.
This session included guest speakers discussing research best practices, tips for getting the most out of the
apprenticeship experience, and resources shared by Dr. Gabe Fierro on building an academic portfolio and navigating a CS
PhD program.

These first three weeks have been an amazing experience, and I’m excited for the upcoming weeks and the opportunity to
contribute more to the project. Stay tuned for more!
