---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

This was the first official week of the program, focused on getting the project off the ground. We handled onboarding
logistics for both the research and DREAM, set up our shared repositories, and built a Python script to convert raw JSONL
files into a structured CSV. Here’s a summary of what I accomplished:

- **Advisor Meeting:** Met virtually where we agreed upon a weekly meeting schedule and discussed Step 1 of the project.
- **Administrative Onboarding:** Completed the required onboarding documentation for Milestone 1, including the
Independent Contractor Agreement, Direct Deposit, and tax documentation.
- **Project Setup:** Established a rough timeline, set up a shared Google Drive and GitHub Repository, and reviewed a
concrete set of research questions drafted by my advisor.
- **Data Collection:** Downloaded posts from r/Professors and r/Teachers using the [Arctic Shift download tool](https:/
arctic-shift.photon-reddit.com/download-tool), covering all posts from both subreddits from January 1, 2025, to now.
- **JSONL to CSV Converter:** Built a JSONL to CSV converter script to clean and structure the raw data from Arctic Shift,
filtering out deleted and removed posts and including columns for each post's ID, date, username, subreddit, title, body,
number of comments, and URL. The CSVs for each subreddit were uploaded to our shared Google Drive.

I'm looking forward to creating another Python script to identify posts that contain AI related keywords and analysis in
the weeks ahead. Stay tuned for updates!
